---
http_interactions:
- request:
    method: post
    uri: https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions
    body:
      encoding: UTF-8
      string: "{\"model\":\"gpt-3.5-turbo\",\"messages\":[{\"role\":\"system\",\"content\":\"You
        are an assistant summarizing a meeting.\"},{\"role\":\"system\",\"content\":\"The
        transcript of the meeting is split into 2 chunks. This is the chunk number
        1 of 2.\"},{\"role\":\"assistant\",\"content\":\"Please provide me with the
        next chunk of the transcript.\"},{\"role\":\"user\",\"content\":\"&quot;\uFEFFeqa-yuxa-cmr
        (2023-03-02 22:03 GMT-6) - Transcript\\r\\n\\nAttendees\\r\\n\\nAnish Gadekar,
        Benjamin Fleischer, Colenso Castellino, Naiya Shah, Pankaj Kataria, Pankaj
        Kataria&#39;s Presentation, Sean Devine, Shirish Parsekar\\r\\n\\nTranscript\\r\\n\\nThis
        editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People
        can also change the text after it was created.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: In my
        side, mostly worked on profit related things made pretty good progress in
        a couple of key areas. main thing I worked on today related to that was\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine:  Sort of building a structure at the Project estimate, set level that
        consolidated all of the effective estimate. amounts, which I didn&#39;t really
        think through before today and took a little bit of time, but I think that
        the shape of it&#39;s about, right, reviewed with Milan, his progress on The,
        the functionality and that seems to be going pretty well. We&#39;ve got a
        demo with Gallagher on our current progress on Monday, and we&#39;re focused
        on making sure that we do a pretty good job for that. I still think we&#39;re
        about a few weeks behind, but\\r\\n\\nSean Devine:  chugging along. So that&#39;s
        that. I think you may have seen the last night. I took the new check EBT API
        that they released and swapped it out for the Hey Kayla answer API.\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine: The answers are remarkably good now. I mean. They&#39;re almost all
        eights or above, I&#39;d say. And the only time really it misses is if there&#39;s
        just a total lack of content or if the question is going to say way too broad.
        But For the most part it it writes answers as well as a person would do if
        they had a bunch of time.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine:  Benjamin. You looked at some
        of them today. Did you find the same?\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer: And they
        seem much more chatty. And personal. And in a few cases,…\\r\\n\\nSean Devine:
        \ Yeah.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer: I thought they gave better. Not answers.\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine:  Yeah, I agree with that too. yeah, the nice thing is, I mean, before
        we had this tension where if we, like let out the slack more and allowed it
        to talk, it would give like Nice sounding answers but they&#39;d be wrong
        too. Often And then we tightened it up and the answers were shorter. Which
        meant that they were, they were not all that wrong. And usually, they were
        right. But they didn&#39;t say as much as ideally they would say now. It seems
        to get that, right? It says more. If there&#39;s more to say it says less,
        if there&#39;s less to say it handles situations where it doesn&#39;t. Want
        to answer pretty well. So all together, really pretty great really, really
        pleased with it.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine:  I&#39;ll pour it over the others. I
        don&#39;t know if anyone saw what I did, and I didn&#39;t document it on the
        client, but basically I made it so that if in a prompter, you edit, the prompt
        content to be the, the new JSON structure that the Chat GPT messages API expects,
        It&#39;ll just work. So you can do it like the old way, where you just have
        a plain text prompt or you can write it as a JSON file and in the format that&#39;s
        expected. Basically, it tries to parse the the prompter, into JSON, if it
        fails it just passes through the text as it&#39;s and that seems pretty fine.
        So anyways, I did that last night. I&#39;ve got, I&#39;ve got to do the rest
        of the prompts and fidget it with it, but I mean, for the most part I think
        it&#39;s in great shape.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: I think that&#39;s about it.
        Those are my two focus areas are really. My one main one with profit with
        just a little diversion last night.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine:  Yeah, Cleanser you
        want to go?\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino: Okay. And not much to talk about.
        I haven&#39;t made any progress on push notifications yet. Hoping to make
        it today, and Coming Monday.\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino:  So there was this
        bug that Was throwing a script arrow and roll bar. It was very annoying. I
        thought I got all of it on yesterday. By adding a card. So the error is being
        thrown by the JavaScript Google Maps API. And it throws when it throws that
        arrow. If we have Open Info window, it&#39;s called. It&#39;s like when you
        click on a map marker and it shows the and it shows the notification of the,
        if you, if that notification is open, and if you change between routes, Then
        it throws that error. It&#39;s something you do with destroying of the view
        and removing of the listeners at the same time, some kind of a race condition.
        The\\r\\n\\n00:05:00\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino:  So I try to handle that
        by using Good Old is Route. Active Flag seem to work in the first case that
        we had caught. But on the plan page, if you go if you open up the plan page
        right now and if you go back to the lens list page, Then it still shows that
        error. I mean it is not exactly a big issue but it&#39;s annoying. It&#39;s
        crowding up role at the moment it Just annoying and it has happened recently,
        I not sure. Exactly. What is throwing it. I don&#39;t even think that it&#39;s
        anything. I said that. That was changed. I think it&#39;s probably some Google
        API or something changed from it externally and it&#39;s running error. I&#39;ll
        see what the problem is today. And\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino:  See if there&#39;s
        some other way to fix it. That was one thing you see.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer:
        My plus one there is that I&#39;m a big fan of making alerts worth looking
        at.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: I…\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino:  Yes.\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine: like, there were some reports from listener or listeners from users
        that This is causing trouble at least on that time card screen, right?\\r\\n\\nColenso
        Castellino: It was causing actual trouble. When?\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: But
        I mean, maybe it was coincidental but It seems like error. It seemed like,
        I don&#39;t know, three days ago. There were reports that trouble on a time
        card screen also was the screen.\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino: Yes. So at least
        on a time card screen,…\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: This was coming from Or one of.\\r\\n\\nColenso
        Castellino: this error has been fixed by my patch. That. Okay. What is on
        the Landscene is still happening? So, And look at that today.\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine: But ideally we&#39;d have a bit more of a sort of bulletproof. Way
        to wrap it that no matter what&#39;s fine. So I mean We don&#39;t spend more
        time in it,…\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino: Yeah.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: but if
        you could find that, that&#39;d be good.\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino:  Yes,
        I know that today. so, I also Worked on the page title Lender. With Amber
        Template. I completed it. Then we found. So initial, I understand to check
        the results of the\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino:  Of the Linter and it, there
        were some false positives, wherein the page title was present on the parent.
        There was not present on a child, something like that of, that sort. Then
        I have to tweak the paste, title intern a little bit, did that? Now, it&#39;s
        funny. She&#39;s Call. But there are considerable number of pages where. Okay,
        so how many, how many pages do we need to fix a base title for they remember?\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine: Okay.\\r\\n\\nAnish Gadekar: Damn you. Not exactly, sure. Like it.\\r\\n\\nColenso
        Castellino:  Okay, definitely I think more than 100, at least.\\r\\n\\nAnish
        Gadekar:  Yeah, it was around 200 something 214 or 84 million.\\r\\n\\nColenso
        Castellino: Okay. So at least the routes. I mean around slash templates are
        highlighted. By the lender. So that seems to be working, okay? Anish will
        finish that work up by. Adding the paste titles in the places that I highlighted.
        For now I&#39;m just made it to spit up a warning instead of an error. And
        after Anish finishes his book, once we have page titles and all of these,
        I let it pages, then I&#39;ll change it to an error. So next time whoever,
        it&#39;s a new route, make sure that you had a page title for it.\\r\\n\\nPankaj
        Kataria: And justice addition. Should we try to handle the pace title via
        application? HbS or like, The most parent route authenticated address, maybe.\\r\\n\\nColenso
        Castellino: Handle in the sense validate him in with this present, or this
        add some thing.\\r\\n\\nPankaj Kataria:  I mean. um, this should all be happening
        at one place instead of different templates.\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino: You.
        Each page has its own title.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: Well, I don&#39;t know.
        I mean kind of\\r\\n\\nSean Devine:  because it will, then it doesn&#39;t
        have the data until it&#39;s down there, you don&#39;t, I mean,\\r\\n\\nColenso
        Castellino: Like, for example, meeting id. So and so plan ID,…\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine: yeah, name of the plan idea or…\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino: so and
        so\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: the plan ID, So we don&#39;t, we don&#39;t know, until
        the ultimate childhood is rendered.\\r\\n\\n00:10:00\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino:
        \ route.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: What the context is,\\r\\n\\nPankaj Kataria:
        If?\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino:  I mean, there is a page title service that
        we could use but like Sean said and unless we have the data, we don&#39;t
        always have the right page start to\\r\\n\\nPankaj Kataria: Okay.\\r\\n\\nColenso
        Castellino:  Yeah, that&#39;s it. From my side.\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino:
        Pankaj, was next.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: Here.\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino:  Now,
        I was thinking of making Pankaj the captains. He was the first one called
        today.\\r\\n\\nPankaj Kataria: So, I&#39;m continuing on the\\r\\n\\nPankaj
        Kataria:  Board bulk assign form handling more. And real world scenarios over
        here. One of them was Like, and Allowing the option to, you know, retain.\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine: You.\\r\\n\\nPankaj Kataria:  Time zone, existing requirements. When
        there is similar, resource assigned or similar resource classification, assign
        So I read this setting to the form. On.\\r\\n\\nPankaj Kataria:  and, This
        isn&#39;t shipped yet. I need some\\r\\n\\nPankaj Kataria: Style corrections
        on this soil. Ship it today.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: Here. That&#39;s a good
        feature.\\r\\n\\nPankaj Kataria: I&#39;m working to.\\r\\n\\nPankaj Kataria:
        \ Assign bulk. I mean, crew templates. Where this form? So that will come
        next.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: Yes.\\r\\n\\nPankaj Kataria:  and that from,\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine:  oh, Benjamin.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer: Hello, okay. so database
        connection issue in terms of it, I Haven&#39;t having a really hard time with
        Heroku. Getting good support on this. Current state is everything that they
        have documented or done is a mess. And I have no plans on making any more
        work in this area until I get better support for them, right? Just probably
        Being very pushy is my goal right now. I just don&#39;t understand. Um, In
        terms of the casting issues, we&#39;ve had, they seem to be resolved by switching
        the cash store that we use.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer:  We have some backfills
        to do with regards to shift percent tracking. I broke a scope in a refactor
        and accident. Where it was, you&#39;re able to get the driver movement, but
        it wouldn&#39;t update it in certain cases, and I made it never updated. I&#39;ve
        added a regression test for that. I have not looked into what the work is
        needed to backfill it. I don&#39;t know.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer:  And
        it should be difficult.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer:  I, i don&#39;t, I had
        a question for Colenso about, Plans and getting the FCM push token work into
        production and on the native apps. If that is, Something that I should keep
        on my mind to. I don&#39;t the other one is about There&#39;s an issue of
        scientific answer right now that I put in the meeting chat, I&#39;m in different
        to who it actually is works on it. But OMG would like to start using the feature
        that I worked on to have a default customer in agreement. Um, being copied,
        when new customers are create. when you customers are created, having the
        rate of grant be copied, From the, from the specified one. I don&#39;t know.
        It probably requires a little bit of UI consideration, but actually interface.
        I don&#39;t think it&#39;s too complicated.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer:  And
        it&#39;s too much for me at least. So I don&#39;t know who&#39;s responsible
        for it.\\r\\n\\n00:15:00\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino: I&#39;ll look at it.
        I need help us all else.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer: Okay. Yeah, I just if
        you can just even triage and delegate and…\\r\\n\\nColenso Castellino:  Yeah.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin
        Fleischer: as long as someone has a hedgehog, I just want to make sure that
        it&#39;s not lost. There&#39;s an interesting issue that&#39;s come up with
        those zynga with regard to split loads when a material when there&#39;s more
        on material transaction on the same trip. That, although we handle the financials
        correctly on the time card level because material transaction exports in the
        invoice, exports is to some extent to hack. I was incorrectly specifying the
        load that the quantity for every material transaction by load is one. and
        I added some logic today to handle that that if there&#39;s the quantity per
        load, is one divided by the number of loads on the trip. So there&#39;s now
        a Attribute on the material transaction in on the server and and the invoice
        data. Which is a trip load count. Essentially.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer:
        \ Um, there&#39;s an open integration issue right now, with Palmer Peckham.
        Which I think would be have good to have some discussion. Doesn&#39;t, I don&#39;t,
        I know time is precious on this call, so, I&#39;ll just mention that the complicated
        issues that because Pac-Man and Palmer are the same customer with the same
        tech team with two branches. Um, they&#39;ve done the worker planning on doing
        the work to have the one integration endpoint. Return data for both branches.
        And I&#39;m of two minds about that because it makes it simple. On the one
        hand to have one importer that Talks to two branches and maybe that&#39;s
        a behavior tractor. But on the other hand, it&#39;s like totally different
        for everything else and I think it could cause other trouble. And just the
        sort of the confusion about which branch it is. I don&#39;t.\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine: Hmm, where do you link them? Do you lean towards just having Identical
        separate ones, then.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer: Yes. I mean, it&#39;s Having.
        Yeah, that that&#39;s certainly the the way things normally work, but I don&#39;t
        know if that&#39;s confusing to them. Like I don&#39;t I don&#39;t just because
        it&#39;s confusing to me, doesn&#39;t mean it&#39;s confusing to them like\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine: I think I&#39;d leaned that way.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer:  I mean
        because like Kayla or Jim asked Kayla, I do you plan on using the same parameters.
        For this, we&#39;ll just add the sites like I so I don&#39;t know. So I don&#39;t,
        I don&#39;t know. Who is the domain expert on the like, are they, are they
        so similar that we that it&#39;s in our interest to like, we&#39;ll be fighting
        the fighting the stream to treat them as\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer:  Different
        in this place.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: I mean. I don&#39;t know. It seems like\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine:  It&#39;s it seems like I&#39;d go with, I mean, if we always if we
        never have the same importer work across branches, that I don&#39;t know that
        I&#39;d start now.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer: Okay good. Other open issue.
        Is there&#39;s an open discussion right now at the Palmer. Export that Kalan
        air working on. That&#39;s I think I&#39;ve taken a while to respond to that
        but I think otherwise it&#39;s going well. Same with other various integrations,
        too many dimension. I have one release note pending right now.\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine: You are.\\r\\n&quot;\"}]}"
    headers:
      Content-Type:
      - application/json
      Authorization:
      - Bearer <OPENAI_KEY>
      Openai-Organization:
      - "<OPENAI_ORG>"
      Accept-Encoding:
      - gzip;q=1.0,deflate;q=0.6,identity;q=0.3
      Accept:
      - "*/*"
      User-Agent:
      - Ruby
  response:
    status:
      code: 200
      message: OK
    headers:
      Date:
      - Sat, 04 Mar 2023 16:25:09 GMT
      Content-Type:
      - application/json
      Transfer-Encoding:
      - chunked
      Connection:
      - keep-alive
      Access-Control-Allow-Origin:
      - "*"
      Cache-Control:
      - no-cache, must-revalidate
      Openai-Model:
      - gpt-3.5-turbo-0301
      Openai-Organization:
      - xbe
      Openai-Processing-Ms:
      - '3886'
      Openai-Version:
      - '2020-10-01'
      Strict-Transport-Security:
      - max-age=15724800; includeSubDomains
      X-Request-Id:
      - ebeb0d869a24be723b44704aabdb5a8f
    body:
      encoding: ASCII-8BIT
      string: !binary |-
        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
  recorded_at: Sat, 04 Mar 2023 16:25:09 GMT
- request:
    method: post
    uri: https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions
    body:
      encoding: UTF-8
      string: "{\"model\":\"gpt-3.5-turbo\",\"messages\":[{\"role\":\"system\",\"content\":\"You
        are an assistant summarizing a meeting.\"},{\"role\":\"system\",\"content\":\"The
        transcript of the meeting is split into 2 chunks. This is the chunk number
        2 of 2.\"},{\"role\":\"assistant\",\"content\":\"Please provide me with the
        next chunk of the transcript.\"},{\"role\":\"user\",\"content\":\"&quot;Benjamin
        Fleischer: I put in the release notes channel because they need some help
        words within it. I think I wrote a terrible release note. I think honestly
        like, I think I covered what I wanted to cover, and I, I just If any of you
        feel like, You want to give it a second look? It&#39;s around a feature that
        I shipped today. That was they come up a few times as feature bug, fix, whatever
        is that I shipped the idea of a job production plan. Is flexible and not complete.
        I would disallow post invoicing changes for a number of things. And that has
        caused trouble for job production plans that are still running because they&#39;re
        they have flexible shifts on them. And I wanted to use that as opportunity
        to also talk about.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer:  Why we have these validations
        and I&#39;m pretty sure I didn&#39;t order things, right, or structure, right?\\r\\n\\nBenjamin
        Fleischer: So, anyone looks at them,…\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: Here. Okay,…\\r\\n\\nBenjamin
        Fleischer: tells me how they use Chat Gpd to fix it up and be happy to.\\r\\n\\n00:20:00\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine: exactly. In doing so now,\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer:  Yeah, I have
        another release date. I&#39;m going to write after that. One about adding
        Support for accounting for materials, like vendor IDs. And I&#39;m, which
        is also, I think gonna be the same kind of release network. It&#39;s A, If
        you are interested at here&#39;s a thing.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: Here.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin
        Fleischer:  And I guess I should probably also write one about split loads.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin
        Fleischer:  Because that&#39;s also something that often we talked about much
        but it&#39;s very interesting.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer:  That&#39;s yeah,
        I know I just talked for a while and I&#39;m done. It&#39;s hard to believe.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin
        Fleischer:  My gosh.\\r\\n\\nShirish Parsekar: I&#39;ll give my update. Of.
        So, last two days, I&#39;ve mostly been working on some bugs and quickies
        and small improvements and stuff. I was supposed to start work on vision importer
        for treatment location events, but I haven&#39;t started with that. Also,
        I was supposed to find a good vector database hosted one, but\\r\\n\\nShirish
        Parsekar:  As I said, I didn&#39;t do anything on that last two days. So I&#39;ll
        continue work on that today.\\r\\n\\nShirish Parsekar:  That&#39;s it. That&#39;s
        all I have.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine:  Naiya.\\r\\n\\nNaiya Shah: Yes, my update.
        I&#39;m able to complete the time card approval notification thing, but now
        I&#39;m working on the settings to opt out of the time card of pool notification.
        So for that user label and organization settings are done, I&#39;ll currently
        I&#39;m working on the job presentation, plan related settings on it. Um,
        yes. And then after I will look into the My ongoing PR for segment description
        filter in which I have to apply the fuzzy scope. Instagram, the current whatever.
        Yes. That&#39;s it.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: Okay, great. Hey Shirish. Hey Shirish.
        And and this may apply to Naiya too, I don&#39;t know if you&#39;ve taken
        a look into that and benjaminson with you.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine:  The caching,
        the query related to the Lane summary. I think it&#39;s called the cycle time
        summary. Resource. I don&#39;t remember exactly. I even looked at it since
        I spiked it back when and it&#39;d be really great if we could speed that
        up, I&#39;m not sure. I haven&#39;t really assessed how much work it being\\r\\n\\nShirish
        Parsekar: Yes, I made some adjustment to the query. I used the material transaction,
        turn it somewhere was possible, and the performance is good. Now. so,…\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine:  oh,\\r\\n\\nShirish Parsekar: I don&#39;t think it&#39;s, I mean,
        I don&#39;t think we need to cash it urgently for now.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine:
        \ oh, that&#39;s good news. I didn&#39;t realize.\\r\\n\\nShirish Parsekar:
        \ Yes, well previously it was taking like six to seven seconds. Around like
        this time of the day, but that has come down to less than one second.\\r\\n\\nShirish
        Parsekar:  That&#39;s a good improvement, I think.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine:  Oh
        yeah. Yeah, I&#39;m I mean I know that they were like year-to-date. It was
        timing out the other day.\\r\\n\\nShirish Parsekar:  Okay.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine:
        \ Yeah. Well, but I mean maybe that&#39;s maybe that&#39;s fixed. Now I&#39;m
        just running it right now.\\r\\n\\nShirish Parsekar: Yeah, I haven&#39;t tried
        out. Inside right out yesterday.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine:  yeah yeah I just ran
        the year today on Geiger the first time it seems like maybe there&#39;s like
        a like a database cash warming kind of thing that first time I ran it was
        a little slow and then started to go Quick after that and click about a minute
        and or a second and a half for year to date. That&#39;s great there. If you
        don&#39;t mind post back to the that thread. So that because Matt&#39;s been
        bugging about that forever. Need to appreciate that.\\r\\n\\nShirish Parsekar:
        Yeah, I think I did reply to that.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: Just meet.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin
        Fleischer: I thought he did too, but it might have been like one of those
        dual threads thing where, like, Dev was crossing from somewhere else and sometimes
        happens.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine:  Yeah, maybe I just wasn&#39;t paying attention.\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine:  All right. Well, thanks for\\r\\n\\n00:25:00\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer:
        Yes, Siris found that like he looked, he picked it up, he looked at it, he
        had an idea and I think I&#39;m gonna say was maybe an hour of work with a
        They looked at that was pretty good attention to turn around.\\r\\n\\nSean
        Devine:  yeah, that&#39;s super\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer:  and also on the
        jump job director playing driver movement, one although I ended up Finishing
        the PR. He started. He found actual problem. So also, like lots of credit
        to shirishan.\\r\\n\\nBenjamin Fleischer: An eye on, like customer facing
        issues. And Getting to their cause.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine: Here. Yeah, great.
        Great job. Yeah, sure. Nice. I see that you posted in use your voice and that
        I just didn&#39;t notice. So thank you. All right, Anish.\\r\\n\\nShirish
        Parsekar: No insurance.\\r\\n\\nAnish Gadekar: So, I added a business unit
        filter on the time card. And now I&#39;ll continue working on the page titles.
        After that, I&#39;ll see if you assign it.\\r\\n\\nSean Devine:  All right.
        Well. I think that&#39;s it for today hopefully over the next three days Mill
        and I will have some pretty good success on the profit stuff coming into Monday.
        And I think we&#39;ll be in a place to demo it all for all the initial parts.
        On Monday&#39;s call. So Anyway. Talk to everyone soon.\\r\\n\\nNaiya Shah:
        Bye-bye.\\r\\n\\nMeeting ended after 00:27:51 \U0001F44B&quot;\"}]}"
    headers:
      Content-Type:
      - application/json
      Authorization:
      - Bearer <OPENAI_KEY>
      Openai-Organization:
      - "<OPENAI_ORG>"
      Accept-Encoding:
      - gzip;q=1.0,deflate;q=0.6,identity;q=0.3
      Accept:
      - "*/*"
      User-Agent:
      - Ruby
  response:
    status:
      code: 200
      message: OK
    headers:
      Date:
      - Sat, 04 Mar 2023 16:25:13 GMT
      Content-Type:
      - application/json
      Content-Length:
      - '1066'
      Connection:
      - keep-alive
      Access-Control-Allow-Origin:
      - "*"
      Cache-Control:
      - no-cache, must-revalidate
      Openai-Model:
      - gpt-3.5-turbo-0301
      Openai-Organization:
      - xbe
      Openai-Processing-Ms:
      - '3932'
      Openai-Version:
      - '2020-10-01'
      Strict-Transport-Security:
      - max-age=15724800; includeSubDomains
      X-Request-Id:
      - 2f3e1b2a5753082270c5fe2aab170f11
    body:
      encoding: UTF-8
      string: '{"id":"chatcmpl-6qOyzSkqNIA10poEOgOgQLLKekN0r","object":"chat.completion","created":1677947109,"model":"gpt-3.5-turbo-0301","usage":{"prompt_tokens":1751,"completion_tokens":144,"total_tokens":1895},"choices":[{"message":{"role":"assistant","content":"The
        meeting included updates from various members. Benjamin Fleischer asked for
        help with the release notes and mentioned some upcoming releases. Shirish
        Parsekar worked on bug fixes and small improvements but hasn''t started work
        on vision importer for treatment location events. Naiya Shah completed time
        card approval notification and is working on settings to opt-out of the time
        card of pool notification. Sean Devine mentioned the caching query related
        to the lane summary and discussed the improvement in performance after Shirish
        Parsekar made adjustments to the query. Anish Gadekar added a business unit
        filter on the time card and will continue working on page titles. The meeting
        ended with Sean Devine hopeful about success on the profit stuff coming into
        Monday."},"finish_reason":"stop","index":0}]}

'
  recorded_at: Sat, 04 Mar 2023 16:25:13 GMT
- request:
    method: post
    uri: https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions
    body:
      encoding: UTF-8
      string: '{"model":"gpt-3.5-turbo","messages":[{"role":"system","content":"You
        are an assistant summarizing a meeting."},{"role":"system","content":"Notes
        about the meeting have been compiled."},{"role":"system","content":"Your job
        is to write a thorough summary of the meeting.\nThe summary should start with
        a brief overview of the meeting.\nThe summary should be detailed and should
        extract any action items that were discussed.\nThe summary should be organized
        into sections with headings and bullet points.\nThe summary should include
        a list of attendees.\nThe order of the sections should be overview, attendees,
        action items, and detailed notes by topic.\nWrite the summary in markdown
        format.\n"},{"role":"assistant","content":"Please provide me with notes from
        the meeting."},{"role":"user","content":"&quot;The meeting attendees were
        Anish Gadekar, Benjamin Fleischer, Colenso Castellino, Naiya Shah, Pankaj
        Kataria, Sean Devine, and Shirish Parsekar. Sean Devine discussed his progress
        on profit-related matters and noted a structure consolidation at the project
        estimate set level. He also worked with Milan on the functionality, and the
        team had a demo with Gallagher on Monday. Benjamin Fleischer tested the new
        check EBT API and made it so that if the prompter’s prompt content in a JSON
        file format is edited, it would work as expected. Colenso CastellinoThe meeting
        included updates from various members. Benjamin Fleischer asked for help with
        the release notes and mentioned some upcoming releases. Shirish Parsekar worked
        on bug fixes and small improvements but hasn&#39;t started work on vision
        importer for treatment location events. Naiya Shah completed time card approval
        notification and is working on settings to opt-out of the time card of pool
        notification. Sean Devine mentioned the caching query related to the lane
        summary and discussed the improvement in performance after Shirish Parsekar
        made adjustments to the query. Anish Gadekar added a business unit filter
        on the time card and will continue working on page titles. The meeting ended
        with Sean Devine hopeful about success on the profit stuff coming into Monday.&quot;"}]}'
    headers:
      Content-Type:
      - application/json
      Authorization:
      - Bearer <OPENAI_KEY>
      Openai-Organization:
      - "<OPENAI_ORG>"
      Accept-Encoding:
      - gzip;q=1.0,deflate;q=0.6,identity;q=0.3
      Accept:
      - "*/*"
      User-Agent:
      - Ruby
  response:
    status:
      code: 200
      message: OK
    headers:
      Date:
      - Sat, 04 Mar 2023 16:25:25 GMT
      Content-Type:
      - application/json
      Content-Length:
      - '2327'
      Connection:
      - keep-alive
      Access-Control-Allow-Origin:
      - "*"
      Cache-Control:
      - no-cache, must-revalidate
      Openai-Model:
      - gpt-3.5-turbo-0301
      Openai-Organization:
      - xbe
      Openai-Processing-Ms:
      - '12632'
      Openai-Version:
      - '2020-10-01'
      Strict-Transport-Security:
      - max-age=15724800; includeSubDomains
      X-Request-Id:
      - f7ab07c58c35c9a675867a1da7811e2e
    body:
      encoding: UTF-8
      string: '{"id":"chatcmpl-6qOz3qpmzoCmlBv7JaZOzIR2BoL2G","object":"chat.completion","created":1677947113,"model":"gpt-3.5-turbo-0301","usage":{"prompt_tokens":414,"completion_tokens":423,"total_tokens":837},"choices":[{"message":{"role":"assistant","content":"#
        Meeting Summary\nThe meeting held included updates by various members. Sean
        discussed his progress on profit-related matters, the consolidation of structures,
        and the demo with Gallagher on Monday. Benjamin worked on testing the new
        check EBT API, and Colenso mentioned upcoming releases. Shirish worked on
        bug fixes and small improvements but hasn''t started work on vision importer
        for treatment location events. Naiya completed time card approval notification
        and is working on settings to opt-out of the time card of pool notification.
        Anish added a business unit filter on the time card and will continue working
        on page titles. The meeting ended with Sean Devine feeling hopeful about success
        on the profit stuff coming into Monday.\n\n## Attendees\n* Anish Gadekar\n*
        Benjamin Fleischer\n* Colenso Castellino\n* Naiya Shah\n* Pankaj Kataria\n*
        Sean Devine\n* Shirish Parsekar\n\n## Action Items\n* Benjamin requires help
        with release notes.\n* Shirish Parsekar must work on vision importer for treatment
        location events.\n\n## Detailed Notes\n### Sean Devine\n* Discussed progress
        on profit-related matters.\n* Noted structure consolidation at the project
        estimate set level.\n* Worked with Milan on the functionality.\n* Team had
        a demo with Gallagher on Monday.\n* Mentioned caching query related to the
        lane summary.\n* Discussed improvement in performance after Shirish Parsekar
        made adjustments to the query.\n\n### Benjamin Fleischer\n* Tested the new
        check EBT API.\n* Made prompter''s prompt content work as expected in a JSON
        file format.\n* Requires help with release notes.\n\n### Colenso Castellino\n*
        Mentioned upcoming releases.\n\n### Shirish Parsekar\n* Worked on bug fixes
        and small improvements.\n* Need to start work on vision importer for treatment
        location events.\n\n### Naiya Shah\n* Completed time card approval notification.\n*
        Working on settings to opt-out of the time card pool notification.\n\n###
        Anish Gadekar\n* Added a business unit filter on the time card.\n* Will continue
        working on page titles."},"finish_reason":"stop","index":0}]}

'
  recorded_at: Sat, 04 Mar 2023 16:25:25 GMT
recorded_with: VCR 6.1.0
